have you done front end javascript validation ?
in login for there is no jquey validation
why ?
at first i dono to use ajax in laravel then i learned sir its done before so i didnt used jquery.
ok

what is this close button ? sir ok sir  will fix that


already send friend request and already my friend should not come under this section 
oh ok .


after changing or updating profile , it should not redirect to home page. it should in the same page only
ok il fix.



wher is my friend request notification ?



its wrong. it should not be in the find friends . find friend is supposec to find the new friends . we need like notification


its should show the number of notifcation and also the friend request should be button there
ok sir . i wil create.
ok 


after accept or update . we should show a message  .

you have updated profile successfully

Friend request is send successfully

ok sir.change those in all over applications mmok sir


we need to show comments count . and also there is not even a single comment , why its showing older comments button
sir older button is default if value is ther it will show else it dont show anything.

Ok change that logic like . if the comment is more than 2 show it . or else dont shos the button


By default how many comment will display ?all comments

if all comment showing why the older comments button is there?
if comment is there it will show.



if the post has 50 comments . it home page itself we show 50 am i right ?
yes

what is the use of older comments button . if we already showed those 50 comments there ?
hm how many comments should i display??



show by default 3 comments.
and also make the condition like if the commment count greater than 3 you should display the button older comment 

or else you should not show that button

ok.

wher is the comment ???

ok change the login like which i explained for comment 
sir i have done like the comment falls in same row in the table by end of ; i thought of taking it by each comment but u are asking 3 comments means i have to change the whole code.


how you differentiate the comments like i this table
i thought of inserting time with the same comment and use it but it takes time fo me
.



Am asking what are the row insert in this table for like and what are the row for comment
like and comment for post will be in same row.




Its wrong structure . we have need to do many things. So change it .


You can also have like and comment in same table . but it should be in different rows. with the idenntification flag like . is this row for comment or like..


So please change that to different table . like rows and comments 'and change it'
sir wait i will call i could not understand? ok
call me



r

o


































